Add meeting notes for 21/10/25 (#6967)
Couchers-org/couchers: docs/meetings/dev/2025-10-21.md

# Weekly Dev meeting

When: 21/10/25, 21:30 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Aditi, Chris, Dieu, Jesse, Nicole, Vas
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Discussion on merch store
* Going through launch priorities

> * Nicole: we should have a runbook for releases especially given we want them somewhat frequently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Nicole: we should have a template for blog and social media posts for releases especially given we want them somewhat frequently. That way we don't have to re-decide the format every time.
```

* Nicole: what else to add to release comms?
  - Aapeli: dev recruiting? backend? mobile?
  - Nicole: blog writer? with couch surfing experience?
* Nicole: blog post
  - Intro
  - What we accomplished
  - Volunteer shoutout

* What everyone's working on:
  - Jesse: worked on chatwoot ticketing analysis in addition to moderation and recruiting; will be super busy next week

>   - Nicole: same gender only filter for strong verified people, merged build warning fixes PR, merged reference flow PR, fixed references tab issue, merged translations issue, fixed unread notifications, wrote a list of everything that got merged; fix a few bugs, do whatever is needed to get blog post and social media stuff out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Nicole: same gender only filter for strong verified people, merged build warning fixes PR, merged reference flow messaging PR, fixed 0 references tab issue, fixed merge conflict translations issue, fixed unread notifications filter, wrote a list of everything that got merged for the upcoming release; fix a few bugs, do whatever is needed to get blog post and social media stuff out
```

  - Aapeli: took over some PRs, upgraded chatwoot, some other stuff; this week help with the release
  - Vas: no big updates, got Russian translation up to date again; will be busy
  - Chris: working with a new translator, worked on merch, updated German translation; merch
  - Dieu: updated PR, waiting for review, wrote something in Slack about design of reporting flags; looking for high priority next ticket

>   - Aditi: (had to run before we got to updates)

Reviewer: I know she worked on social media template designs!

Reviewer: @Ad1t1t let us know if you want us to add anything here

Reviewer 2: @nabramow didn't do too much last week. finished up user milestone + fall release SM posts, tinkered a bit with [mega menu nav bar ]([#6848](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/issues/6848))(still working on the flow) and the overarching pages for [core features]([#6917](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/issues/6917)). going to try to shift design stuff into GitHub dev board, map out the volunteer starter kit, and maybe add a bit to the blog!
